# Fetch Take-Home Assignment

The above python file is written to read the data contained in the localstack docker image and write it to the postgres database supplied.

### Questions

1. I would probably deploy this application as part of the existing AWS structure, likely as a part of an AWS Glue job that runs on a schedule.
2. Given more time, I would want to make this program more robust to certain forseeable difficulties that might come up. These may include things like low-volume periods, missing data fields, and database connection interruptions, among others. In its current form, it only works if all of the conditions are as stated in the assignment, but would most likely need to have many contingencies for problems that arise in production. Additionally, my masking method for the PII is not necessarily that sophisticated, and I would add more secure methods of masking the information.
3. The current program is fairly straightforward and doesn't rely too much on the velocity of data being small. The only limitation I would mention is the general limitations of pandas when it comes to extremely large datasets. However, this would likely not be an issue if the program was being run on a daily or even weekly schedule, unless the number of user logins far exceeds my estimations.
4. The rules I used to mask the PII are quite simple. Given that each of the four components of an IP address is a number between 1 and 255, I simply replaced each component (x) with 255-x. This changes each number while retaining uniqueness and structure. This also makes it easy to recover the original info, by simply subtracting the masked value from 255 to get the original value. I also used the same method with the components of the Device IDs. Given that the largest of the components is a 4-digit number, I replaced each component with 10000-x to get a unique 4-digit number for each. Again, the original values can be easily recovered by inverting the masking method. While this was a simple and fast way of anonymizing the data, with more time I would definitely investigate more sophisticated hashing algorithms to make the masking more secure.
5. The primary assumption I made was that the user of this program has docker and python installed on their machine. The python packages I utilized will be installed if they are not already present but I did not include any similar contingencies for the lack of docker or python. I also worked under the assumption that the data would always be coming through the localstack image, and did not include code for interfacing directly with AWS SQS.
